Adds the containerize option for antrea-agent installation on Linux VMs (#4413)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/external-node.md

#### Installation steps on Linux VM

> `Antrea agent` can be installed as a native service or as containers.

Author: Done.

> `Antrea Agent` can be installed as a native service or can be installed in a container.

Author: https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/4413#discussion_r1043258455
@wenyingd Please comment can we use it like @jianjuns suggest.

> `Antrea Agent` can be installed as a native service or can be installed in a container.

Author: Okay.

> `Antrea Agent` can be installed as a native service or can be installed in a container.

Reviewer: Would you change to what Wenying suggested?

> `Antrea Agent` can be installed as a native service or can be installed in a container.

Author: Done.

> ##### Native Install

Reviewer: Probably "Service installation"

Author: Done.

3. Bootstrap `antrea-agent` using one of these 2 methods:

   1. Bootstrap `antrea-agent` using the [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh)

>       as shown below (Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04, Rhel 8.4).

Reviewer: I feel better to use full name for Redhat Enterprise Linux

Author: Done.

      sudo systemctl start antrea-agent
      ```

> ##### Container Install

Reviewer: Container installation

Author: Done.

> 1. Build `antrea-agent` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree and copy the docker image

Reviewer: Probably use "Docker"

Author: Done.

> 1. Build `antrea-agent` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree and copy the docker image

Author: Yeah.

>    `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` to the Linux VM.

Author: Done.

>    `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` to the Linux VM.

Author: But the curl command is not required.

>    `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` to the Linux VM.

Author: Because the script automatically downloads the docker image if we specify the antrea version in a command.

   ```bash
   make
   ```

   Please follow the below steps to copy the `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` to the Linux VM.

   ```bash
   # Rename the image
   docker image tag <image-id> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest

   # Save it in the tar file
   docker save -o <tar file path in source host machine> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu
 

>    # Copy this tar file using simple tools such as cp, rsync, scp, etc. or any other method that you prefer.

Author: This is inside a bash. So if we add it also it could not highlight that text.

   # Then load that image in the Linux VM.
   docker load -i <path to image tar file>
   ```

> 

Author: The installation of docker should be handled by developer because they are the one copying the image file and loading that. So its their responsibility to install a docker on that machine.

      sudo systemctl start antrea-agent
      ```

##### Container Installation

> 1. The `Docker` used as a container runtime for Linux VMs. The Docker image can be built from source code 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `Docker` is used as the container runtime for Linux VMs. The Docker image can be built from source code 
```

Author: Done.

   or can be downloaded from the antrea repository.

   1. From Source

>       Build `antrea-ubuntu` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree.

Reviewer: Docker

Author: Done.

      ```bash
      make
      ```

      Note: The image repository name should be `antrea/antrea-ubuntu` and tag should be `latest`.
      
      Copy the `antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` image to the target VM. Please follow 
      the below steps.

      ```bash
      # Save it in a tar file

>       docker save -o <tar file path in source host machine> antrea/antrea-ubuntu

Author: Done.

      # Copy this tar file to the target VM.

>       # Then load that image in the target VM.

Reviewer: on the

Author: Done.

      docker load -i <path to image tar file>
      ```

   2. Docker Repository
   
      The released version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image can be downloaded from `antrea/antrea-ubuntu` 

>       repository. Pick a version from the [list of release](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/releases). For any given

Author: Done.

>       release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`), download `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v1.9.0`), download `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image as follows:
```

Author: Done.

      ```bash
      docker pull antrea/antrea-ubuntu:<TAG>
      ```

      The [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh) automatically downloads the specific released 

>       version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image on VM by specifying the installation argument `--antrea-version` . 

Author: Done.

>       Also, the script automatically loads that image into Docker. For any given release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v1.9.0`).

Author: Done.

      ```bash
         --antrea-version <TAG>
      ```

      Note: If the `--antrea-version` argument is not specified, then the latest version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image

>       will be downloaded automatically.

Author: Done.

2. Copy configuration files to the VM, including [antrea-agent.conf](../build/yamls/externalnode/conf/antrea-agent.conf),
   which specifies agent configuration parameters;
   `antrea-agent.antrea.kubeconfig` and `antrea-agent.kubeconfig`, which were
   generated in steps 4 and 5 of [Prerequisites on Kubernetes cluster](#prerequisites-on-kubernetes-cluster).

3. Bootstrap `antrea-agent` using the [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh) 

>    as shown below (Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04, and, Rhel 8.4).

Author: Done.

      sudo systemctl start antrea-agent
      ```

##### Container Installation

1. The Docker image can be built from source code or can be downloaded from the antrea repository.

   1. From Source
   
      Build `antrea-ubuntu` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree.

      ```bash
      make
      ```

      Rename that image to `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest`

      ```bash
      docker image tag <image-id> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest
      ```

>       Copy the `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` image to install VM. Please follow the below steps.

Author: Done.

      ```bash
      # Save it in a tar file
      docker save -o <tar file path in source host machine> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu
 

>       # Copy this tar file using simple tools such as cp, rsync, scp, etc, or any other method that you prefer.

Reviewer: I feel no need to give examples of commands. Maybe remove "using simple tools...". Just say "Copy this tar file to the target VM".

Author: Done.

      # Then load that image in the install VM.
      docker load -i <path to image tar file>
      ```

   2. Docker Repository
   
      The released version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image can be downloaded from `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu` 
      repository. Pick a version from the [list of release](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/releases). For any given
      release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`), download `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image as follows:

      ```bash
      docker pull "projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:<TAG>"
      ```

      The [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh) automatically downloads the specific released 
      version of `antrea-ubuntu` docker image on VM by specifying the installation argument `--antrea-version` . 

>       Also, the script automatically loads that image into the Docker. For any given release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`).

Reviewer: the Docker -> Docker

      sudo systemctl start antrea-agent
      ```

##### Container Installation

> 1. The Docker image can be built from source code or can be downloaded from the antrea repository.

Reviewer 3: I don't think it is required to document this as pre-requisite.
If the user want to compile the image locally and then use it for testing, then he can follow documentation steps where we mention, copy the locally created docker image on to the target VM. 
This statement in itself, indicates that docker is required.

On the other hand, if the user is planning to use released version of antrea images, then he just have to run the installation script (And the script will take care of installing docker related dependencies).

   1. From Source
   
      Build `antrea-ubuntu` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree.

      ```bash
      make
      ```

>       Rename that image to `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest`

Author: Okay.

      ```bash
      docker image tag <image-id> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest
      ```

      Copy the `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` image to the target VM. Please follow 
      the below steps.

      ```bash
      # Save it in a tar file
      docker save -o <tar file path in source host machine> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu
 
      # Copy this tar file to the target VM.
      # Then load that image in the target VM.

>       docker load -i <path to image tar file>

Author: The user should create an image with the proper tags. So if we load that image it contains proper tag.

      sudo systemctl start antrea-agent
      ```

##### Container Installation

1. The Docker image can be built from source code or can be downloaded from the antrea repository.

>    1. Source Code

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   1. From Source
```

   
      Build `antrea-ubuntu` docker image in the root of the antrea code tree.

      ```bash
      make
      ```

      Rename that image to `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest`

      ```bash
      docker image tag <image-id> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest
      ```

      Copy the `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:latest` image to install VM. Please follow the below steps.

      ```bash
      # Save it in a tar file
      docker save -o <tar file path in source host machine> projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu
 
      # Copy this tar file using simple tools such as cp, rsync, scp, etc, or any other method that you prefer.
      # Then load that image in the install VM.
      docker load -i <path to image tar file>
      ```

>    2. Repository

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   2. Docker Repository
```

Author: Done.

>       The released version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image can be downloaded from this `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu` 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      The released version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image can be downloaded from `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu` 
```

Author: Done.

      repository. Pick a version from the [list of release](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/releases). For any given
      release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`), download `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image as follows:

      ```bash
      docker pull "projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu:<TAG>"
      ```

      The [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh) automatically downloads the specific released 

>       version of `antrea-ubuntu` docker image on installation VM by mentioning the argument `--antrea-version` in a command. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      version of `antrea-ubuntu` docker image on VM by specifying the installation argument `--antrea-version`.
```

Author: Done.

>       Also, the script automatically loads that image into the Docker.For any given release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`).

Reviewer 3: L382-387, probably not required. I will let other's comment on it.

Author: Done.

Author: Done.

>       Also, the script automatically loads that image into the Docker.For any given release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Also, the script automatically loads that image into the Docker. For any given release `<TAG>` (e.g. `v0.1.0`).
```

Author: Done.

      
      ```bash
         --antrea-version <TAG>
      ```
      

>       Note: If the `--antrea-version` argument is not mentioned, The latest version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image can be 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Note: If the `--antrea-version` argument is not specified, then the latest version of `antrea-ubuntu` Docker image will be downloaded from  `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu` repository.
```

Author: Done.

      downloaded from this `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/antrea-ubuntu` repository automatically.

2. Copy configuration files to the VM, including [antrea-agent.conf](../build/yamls/externalnode/conf/antrea-agent.conf),
   which specifies agent configuration parameters;
   `antrea-agent.antrea.kubeconfig` and `antrea-agent.kubeconfig`, which were
   generated in steps 4 and 5 of [Prerequisites on Kubernetes cluster](#prerequisites-on-kubernetes-cluster).

3. Bootstrap `antrea-agent` using the [installation script](../hack/externalnode/install-vm.sh) 

>    as shown below (Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04, Rhel 8.4).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   as shown below (Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 and Rhel 8.4).
```

Author: Done.

>    ```bash

Reviewer 3: You can keep only one of the usage. No need to highlight all the options.
Suggest to keep L408-L412, and remove L399 to L405.
